feat(nhost-go): Go SDK (#4635)
nhost/nhost: docs/src/content/docs/getting-started/tutorials/go/4-file-uploads.mdx

**Nhost Storage**, record the link in the database, and download it again.

:::note
This is **Part 4** of the [Notes CLI with Nhost and Go](/getting-started/tutorials/go/1-introduction)
series.
:::

## Add a bucket and a join table

Run this in the **SQL Editor**. It creates a `notes` storage bucket and a
`note_attachments` table that links a note to an uploaded file (Nhost's Storage
metadata lives in the tracked `storage.files` table).

```sql SQL Editor
INSERT INTO storage.buckets (id) VALUES ('notes') ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING;

CREATE TABLE public.note_attachments (
  note_id uuid NOT NULL REFERENCES public.notes (id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  file_id uuid NOT NULL REFERENCES storage.files (id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
  PRIMARY KEY (note_id, file_id)
);
```

Track `note_attachments`, then open its **Relationships** tab and add the two
foreign-key relationships Nhost suggests: `file`
(`public.note_attachments.file_id → storage.files.id`) and `note`
(`public.note_attachments.note_id → public.notes.id`). Then set permissions for
the `user` role:

- **note_attachments** — gate through the parent note. Use
  `{ "note": { "user_id": { "_eq": "X-Hasura-User-Id" } } }` as the `insert`

>   check and the `select` / `delete` filter.

Reviewer: `attach` inserts `note_id` and `file_id` via `insert_note_attachments_one`, but this bullet never says to enable those columns, so the insert permission ends up allowing zero columns and `attach` is rejected. Part 3's note_tags bullet includes the column instruction; Part 4 dropped it. Suggested:

```suggestion
- **note_attachments** — gate through the parent note. Check columns `note_id`
  and `file_id` for both `insert` and `select`, then use
  `{ "note": { "user_id": { "_eq": "X-Hasura-User-Id" } } }` as the `insert`
  check and the `select` / `delete` filter.
```

- **storage.files** — configure these under **Storage → Permissions**, not a
  Database table: the actions are **Upload / Download / Replace / Delete**
  (there's no `select` / `insert` here).

>   - **Upload** — allow it for `user` and enable *Prefill
>     `uploaded_by_user_id` with `X-Hasura-User-Id`* so every upload is stamped
>     with its uploader. Without this stamp the column stays `NULL`, the Download
>     filter below never matches, and `download` 404s with `file not found` even
>     though `attach` succeeded.
>   - **Download** — a user should see a file if they uploaded it **or** it's
>     attached to a note they can see. Filter on the **database column**
>     `uploaded_by_user_id` (the `uploadedByUserId` GraphQL alias errors on save
>     with `"uploadedByUserId" does not exist`):

Reviewer: This is the save that fails with "Unknown error occurred" (the dashboard hides the real Hasura error, `"noteAttachments" does not exist`). The filter references the `noteAttachments` relationship, but the instruction to create it currently sits below the JSON, so it is natural to paste and save first. Hoist the prerequisite above the block. The existing sentence at lines 65-67 then becomes redundant and can be dropped.

```suggestion
  - **Download** — a user should see a file if they uploaded it **or** it's
    attached to a note they can see. First add a `noteAttachments` array
    relationship on `storage.files` under **Database → `storage` schema →
    `files` → Relationships**; the filter below references it, and without it
    the save fails with a generic "Unknown error occurred". Then filter on the
    **database column** `uploaded_by_user_id` (the `uploadedByUserId` GraphQL
    alias errors on save with `"uploadedByUserId" does not exist`):
```
